# 1. Overview of Collaboration

Throughout the iDEC journey, we have had the privilege of collaborating
with multiple teams, academic institutions, organizations, companies,
and local communities, enriching our project, fostering knowledge
exchange, and advancing the cause of global scientific development.

![picture_1](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/1.webp)

Throughout our project journey, the team fully mobilized both internal
and external resources, deeply engaged with multiple stakeholders within
the campus and society, and established a dual-driven model of \'campus
collaboration and empowerment + practical implementation beyond
campus.\' With synthetic biology technology at the core, we have strived
to fulfill our commitment to improving public health and advancing
medical development.

Within the campus, the team has integrated resources through
multi-dimensional cooperation: the team has formed a \"popular science
promotion group+school-local cooperation group+technology transformation
group\" in conjunction with eight student associations to carry out high
school and middle school roving lectures, cross-school academic research
and technology popularization dismantling, covering more than 2,000
teachers and students. Relying on the four colleges of Lanzhou
University to hold a series of activities of \"Frontier of Intestinal
Microflora and Synthetic Biology\", combining academic lectures,
experimental workshops and knowledge competition, the transfer of
professional knowledge and discipline practice credit incentive was
achieved. We deepen cooperation with school management departments,
upgrade from \"special grants\" to \"systematic empowerment\", obtain
grants for iDEC competitions, international academic docking and brand
promotion support for scientific innovation, and lay a solid foundation
for project development. At the same time, we actively expanded
inter-school cooperation, carried out thematic exchanges with iDEC teams
from more than 10 universities such as Tianjin University and Jilin
University, participated in the CCIC Conference, the Peking University
Symposium on \"Living Drug Engineering\", and others.

Outside the campus, the team extensively connected with social
resources: collaborating with organizations such as the Gansu Health
Management Association and the Red Cross Society of Gansu Province, we
engaged with communities to conduct fun science outreach activities like
the \'Gut Bacteria Exploration Experiment\' and \'Probiotic DIY
Models,\' while distributing the \'Perioperative Gut Care Handbook.\' We
also conducted project-related research in close partnership with
medical staff from Lanzhou University First Hospital and Lanzhou
University Second Hospital. Additionally, through a collaboration with
Jinghong Health Company, we received guidance on business planning and
explored the potential for functional food development. By working with
the Gansu Provincial CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention),
we optimized the project's application scenarios based on regional
epidemiological data and explored potential collaborations in public
health decision-making.

# 2\. Internal Cooperation and Resource Integration within the Campus

## 2.1 Student Organizations: Three-dimensional Structure to Promote Knowledge Transfer and Practice

Around the theme of \"intestinal flora and perioperative health\", we
created the three-dimensional organizational structure of \"popular
science promotion group+school-land cooperation group+technology
transformation group\", to promote the social transmission of synthetic
biology knowledge and project value.

Popular science promotion group: develop \"intestinal bacteria: friend
or enemy?\" The two sets of theme PPTs of \"What Happens to the
Perioperative Microflora\" jointly organized eight student associations
in the school (such as the Biological Science Association and the
Medical Science Popularization Society) and the school\'s official
education team to carry out a lecture tour in local colleges and high
schools in Gansu Province. The posters\' professional contents such as
\"intestinal probiotic function\" and \"flora disorder mechanism during
the perioperative period\" were presented in a popular way, covering
more than 2,000 teachers and students.

![picture_2](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/2.webp)

School-location collaboration group: academic partnerships were
established with other medical colleges and universities to jointly
carry out the cross-school research on \"perioperative intestinal
health\". At the same time, popular science activities on \"intestinal
flora and health\" were conducted for the elderly and postoperative
patients in a number of hospitals in Lanzhou (including the
Gastrointestinal Surgery Department of the First Lanzhou University
Hospital) and community health service centers, and the \"Perioperative
Intestinal Care Handbook\" designed based on project posters was
distributed in response to the community\'s demand for postoperative
health management.

![picture_3](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/3.webp)

![picture_4](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/4.webp)

Technology transformation group: linked with the internal
entrepreneurship community and medical innovation organization, the
technical logic of the project \"transforming lactobacillus casei into
oleic acid\" was disassembled into public science modules such as \"How
does probiotics work accurately?\" , explore the social understandable
path of synthetic biological therapy, enhance the public awareness of
the technology.

![picture_5](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/5.webp)

In addition, through the student organization network, we have
established a long-term collaborative network of \"university student
organizations+medical institutions+communities\". For example, we have
reached a cooperation with a community health service station in Lanzhou
City, and plan to include \"intestinal flora science popularization\" in
its regular activities, so that the practical results can continuously
serve the improvement of public health awareness.

## 2.2 Academic Departments: Leading-edge Academic Activities Jointly Carried Out by Multiple Colleges

We received support from the First Clinical Medical College, the School
of Stomatology, the School of Life Sciences, and the School of Basic
Medicine at Lanzhou University. These colleges jointly organized the
\'Lanzhou University Campus Science Outreach Exhibition and Laboratory
Equipment Drawing Competition,\' a series of campus events with us. The
event was mainly divided into three sub-activities: 1.Synthetic biology
and the LZU-MEDICINE-CHINA team project promotion; 2.Laboratory
equipment drawing competition, featuring items such as microscope
slides; 3.Interesting science experiments, where students not only
gained an in-depth understanding of professional content like
\'intestinal probiotics functions\' and \'engineered bacteria design
logic\' from the posters but also had the chance to win research-related
prizes through academic interaction and earn academic practice credits
(or activity points).

During the event, expert teams from various colleges provided
full-process guidance, from scientific content validation to academic
format design. For example, a professor from the Department of
Gastrointestinal Surgery at the Medical College personally explained the
\'clinical significance of microbiome disruption during the
perioperative period.\' The Synthetic Biology Laboratory from the School
of Life Sciences conducted a \'genetically engineered bacteria
construction\' simulation experiment, and professors from the School of
Basic Medicine led students in fun scientific experiments. Through these
academic interactions, students not only mastered knowledge but also
gained a firsthand experience of the practical value of synthetic
biology. The event\'s participation and academic feedback both met
expectations.

![picture_6](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/collaboration-pic6.webp)

![picture_7](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/7.webp)

![picture_8](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/8.webp)

![picture_9](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/9.webp)

![picture_10](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/10.webp)

![picture_11](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/11.webp)

![picture_12](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/12.webp)

## 2.3 School Management: From Special Funding to Systematic Empowerment

We have continuously deepened our cooperation with the university's
administrative departments. Building on the foundation of past inclusion
in the university\'s support system, we have already received approval
for a university-level project this year. We further promoted the
upgrade of resource support from the International Affairs Office and
the Research Management Department, achieving a shift from \'specialized
funding\' to \'systematic empowerment.\' Not only did we receive
additional funding for participation in the iDEC international
competition and global promotion of our results, but we also gained deep
collaboration from the administrative departments in areas like
international academic cooperation and university-level science and
innovation branding.

Through the continued output of the \'Gut Microbiome Engineering
Bacteria\' project's milestones (such as laboratory data and the impact
of science outreach), we demonstrated the long-term value of the iDEC
team, which led the university's administrative departments to shift
from \'initial support\' to \'ongoing investment.\' This further
solidified the iDEC project's position in the university's international
science and innovation strategy, while also establishing a strong
administrative resource foundation for the team's future international
exchanges and results transformation.

![picture_13](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/13.webp)

# 3\. Inter-school Cooperation: Cross-school Communication and Resource Sharing

## 3.1 Key Universities One-on-One Thematic Exchanges

### 3.1.1 With iDEC Team of School of Life Science, Tianjin University(TJUSL-China)

In order to deepen the intercollegiate collaboration in the field of
synthetic biology, our team and the iDEC team of Tianjin University
(TJUSLS_China) jointly held an iDEC exchange and sharing meeting on July
18, 2025. At the meeting, both parties carried out in-depth discussions
around the core links of their respective projects, such as project
design, experimental progress, and human practice. We focused on the
technical path and social value of \"intestinal flora health during the
perioperative period\" for sharing. The team from Tianjin University
gave a detailed introduction to its innovative exploration in the
medical application field of synthetic biology.

Through this exchange, the two sides not only achieved cross-border
collision in academic ideas, but also reached a lot of consensus in
project optimization and resource complementarity, laying a solid
foundation for cooperation in achieving breakthroughs and promoting the
practical application of synthetic biology technology in the iDEC
competitions.

![picture_14](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/14.webp)

### 3.1.2 Collaboration with iDEC Team (JLU-NBBMS) of School of Basic Medical Sciences, Jilin University

On July 21, 2025, our team (LZU-MEDICINE-CHINA) and the iDEC team of
Jilin University (JLU-NBBMS) held an online iDEC topic exchange.

the team from Jilin University shared the topic of \"Rare Ginsenoside Ro
Biosynthesis Based on S. cerevisiae\", presenting the exploration of
synthetic biology in the field of green manufacturing of medicinal
components.

This exchange was not only a cross-border collision of academic views,
but also formed a collaborative thinking in the aspects of experimental
technology optimization and topic innovation direction, building a
cooperative bridge for the two sides to achieve technical breakthrough
and promote the industrial application of synthetic biology in the iDEC
competition.

![picture_15](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/15.webp)

### 3.1.3 With the iDEC Team of Ocean University of China (OUC-China)

Our team participated in an online communication with the iDEC team
(OUC-China) at Ocean University of China. At the meeting, the OUC-China
team demonstrated the technical path and achievement promotion mode of
its synthetic biology project: At the technical level, the team carried
out research around the engineering transformation of yeast, realized
the secretion of IL-4, IL-10, and VEGF as well as the surface display of
the antibacterial peptide Pexiganan by designing a multifunctional
plasmid, and conducted functional verification by combining ELISA,
SDS-PAGE, WB and other techniques. At the achievement promotion level,
the team expanded its influence by operating social media accounts such
as Little Red Riding Book and WeChat WeChat official account, and also
carried out a series of synthetic biology workshops such as the visit
and study of Qingdao Kangqiao Pharmaceutical, which deeply integrated
scientific research practice with social popular science.

During the exchange, we had an in-depth discussion with the OUC team on
issues such as \"functional module compatibility of engineering yeast\"
and \"socialized communication strategy of synthetic biology project\",
and obtained new enlightenment on the two-way path of technological
innovation and achievement transformation, which also provided a
reference example for our own project in multi-module collaborative
design and social value communication.

![picture_16](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/16.webp)

### 3.1.4 With the iDEC Team of Nankai University (NKU-China)

Our team participated in the online symposium with the iDEC team of
Nankai University (NKU-China). At the meeting, the NKU-China team
demonstrated its project of \"Targeted intervention for Alzheimer\'s
disease (AD) based on engineering yeast\", carried out in-depth analysis
on the correlation between ApoE 4 gene and LilrB3 receptor, the core
mechanism of AD, and proposed the design idea of \"colonization of the
intestine+production of butyric acid+response to AD markers (TMA and
ROS)\".

The team explained the gene circuit logic of the engineering bacteria in
detail: Through the modular design of TMA and ROS double response
elements, the AND gate gene circuit was constructed to realize the
accurate output of butyric acid. At the same time, TMA 30-day
pharmacokinetic process of TMA was simulated by Matlab modeling, which
provided data support for the efficacy evaluation and threshold
optimization of the project.

During this exchange, we held discussions with the NKU team on issues
such as \"stability of engineered bacteria colonization in the
intestinal tract\" and \"efficiency of butyric acid crossing the
blood-brain barrier\". We obtained an interdisciplinary and innovative
perspective on the disease intervention application path of synthetic
biology technology, and also provided a useful reference for our own
project in the aspects of \"optimization of the function of engineered
bacteria\" and \"demonstration of clinical value\".

![picture_17](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/17.webp)

### 3.1.5 With iDEC Team of Zhengzhou University (ZZU-iDEC)

Our team participated in the online communication with the iDEC team
(ZZU-iDEC) of Zhengzhou University. At the meeting, ZZU team
demonstrated its rich achievements in the \"human practice\" link:
through the production of a popular science brochure on the theme
\"non-invasive screening for breast cancer\", the popularization and
transmission of synthetic biology technology and medical health
knowledge; To carry out campus propaganda activities, popularize project
technical logic and social value for teachers and students; At the same
time, it operates multi-platform social media accounts such as WeChat
WeChat official account, YouTube, Twitter and Instagram, and constructs
a global science popularization matrix.

During the exchange, we discussed the issues of \"differentiated design
of cross-platform science popularization content\" and \"integration
path of synthetic biology project and medical and health needs\", and
gained practical experience in the aspects of innovation of science
popularization and landing of social value of the project, which
provided multiple references for the optimization of \"human practice\"
module of our project.

![picture_18](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/18.webp)

### 3.1.6 With iDEC Team of South China University of Technology(scut-China)

Our team participated in the online technical exchange meeting with
scut-China, an iDEC team from South China University of Technology. At
the meeting, the scut-China team demonstrated its cutting-edge research
in the field of synthetic biology. In the wet experiment part, the team
performed genetic transformation at the GAL80 locus of S. cerevisiae by
integrating the MVA pathway key genes tHMG1 and IDI1, and finally led to
the production of 806 mg/L squalene by the engineering strain Sq-0 in 20
g/L glucose, 400 times higher than that of the unmodified strain, laying
the foundation for the core strain for subsequent engineering
development. In the dry experiment part, the team carried out FBA
analysis of Rh1 synthesis by S. cerevisiae with different carbon source
strategies based on Yeast-GEM9 model. By constructing an exogenous
metabolic reaction model and optimizing the weight of the objective
function (balance α=0.55), the advantage of the mixed carbon source of
galactose and +AHG in the Rh1 synthesis flux was revealed, which
provided a theoretical support for the carbon source strategy
optimization of metabolic engineering.

During the exchange, we had in-depth discussions with scut-China team on
issues such as \"stability of strains with multi-gene integration\" and
\"linkage mechanism of metabolic model and experimental verification\",
and gained professional opinions on the collaborative design and
industrial application path of \"wet-dry experiment\" in synthetic
biology, which provided important references for the technical
optimization and achievements deepening of our own project.

![picture_19](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/19.webp)

### 3.1.7 With iDEC Team of South China Agricultural University (SCAU-China,SCAU Double Satellite Team)

Our team conducted online thematic exchanges with the iDEC team of South
China Agricultural University (SCAU-China, also known as the \"SCAU
Double Star Team\"). At the meeting, SCAU-China team demonstrated the
research results around its synthetic biology project from technical
design to social value: At the technical level, the team focused on the
field of agricultural microorganisms, and realized the efficient
synthesis of specific metabolites by engineering transformation of
bacterial strains, providing an innovative solution for agricultural
green production; At the level of popular science promotion, the team
has created a series of popular science content on agricultural
synthetic biology, bringing the correlation between synthetic biology
technology and agricultural application into the public view through
campus publicity, social media and other channels.

During the exchange, we carried out in-depth discussions on the issues
such as \"difficulties in technological transformation of agricultural
synthetic biology\" and \"content adaptation strategies for
cross-sectoral science popularization\". The technical innovation ideas
of SCAU-China team in the agricultural scenario provided a cross-border
reference for the application and expansion of our project in the field
of \"perioperative intestinal health\". Our experience in the
dissemination of science popularization in the field of health care also
inspired the accurate design of science popularization on agricultural
theme. Both parties realized two-way empowerment in multi-scenario
application of synthetic biology and social value transmission.

![picture_20](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/20.webp)

## 3.2 Inter-school Cooperation in Industry Conferences

### 3.2.1 Peking University Symposium on \"Living Drug Engineering\"

Our team participated in the \"Symposium on iDEC\' Engineering Living
Drugs\' in China Region\" sponsored by Peking University iDEC team
(Peking iDEC). From August 5 to 9, 2025, 28 iDEC teams from 24 top
universities in the country gathered in the Life Science Building in Jin
Kemu, Peking University, for in-depth discussion on \"Opportunities and
Challenges of Engineering Living Drug\".

At the meeting, President Liu Chen Li of Shenzhen Institute of Advanced
Technology of Chinese Academy of Sciences made an opening speech,
analyzing the key barriers from the laboratory to industrialization of
living drugs from the perspective of industry, and emphasizing that
\"safety and controllability\" were the lifeline of technology landing.
Around the three core issues of \"targeted delivery and environmental
awareness\", \"design and optimization of therapeutic logic circuits\",
and \"safety and controllability challenges of living drugs\", each team
shared innovative exploration in targeted design of engineering
bacteria, optimization of gene circuits, and biosafety control.

Our team also displayed the project design of \"Engineering probiotics
secreting oleic acid for the treatment of intestinal microecology
disorder during the perioperative period\" during the exchange, and
warmly discussed with teams such as Peking University and Nanjing
University on issues such as clinical conversion path of living drugs
and ethical evaluation system. From the collision of ideas ,we gained
multiple perspectives of technical optimization and social value
demonstration , and accumulated valuable experience for further
breakthrough of the project in the iDEC competition.

![picture_21](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/21.webp)

### 3.2.2 Twelfth China Congress of Machine Exchange for Genetic Engineering in Biology (CCIC)& Second Global Congress of Biological Developer(Synbiopunk 2025)

Our team participated in the 12th China BioGenetic Engineering Machine
Exchange Conference and the 2nd Global Biological Developer Conference
(CCIC & Synbiopunk 2025). This grand industry gathering of 107 iDEC
participating teams and over 200 registered participants across the
country has also become an important platform for us to deepen
inter-school cooperation and build collaborative ties with teams from
multiple universities through multi-dimensional interaction:

In the student project presentation, we focused on the project \"Health
of Intestinal Microflora during the Perioperative Period\", and
discussed the technical details with the iDEC teams from Southern
University of Science and Technology and National University of Defense
Technology. For \"safety verification of engineering bacteria\", the
team from Southern University of Science and Technology shared its
experimental design scheme based on CCIC detection standard, which
provided reference for us to optimize the safety evaluation module of
our own project; Our experience in the collection of clinical data on
the regulation of intestinal flora also provided ideas for the team of
the University of National Defense Technology to improve the
demonstration of application of medical scenarios. The two parties
agreed to share relevant literature and experimental methods
subsequently.

During the special discussion on \"Medical application of synthetic
biology\" in the parallel sub-forum, we formed a temporary cooperation
group with iDEC teams from Peking University and South China University
of Technology around \"targeted delivery technology of engineering
bacteria\". Based on Peking University\'s technical advantages in
\"design of logic circuit for living drug\" and \"optimization of
metabolic engineering\" of South China University of Technology, we have
jointly sorted out the three-module collaborative design framework of
\"targeted module+functional module+safety module\", and preliminarily
reached the intention of jointly carrying out \"cross-school technology
verification experiment\" subsequently, and planned to enhance the
technical rigor of the project through inter-school resource
complementarity.

In addition, during the conference, we also established a long-term
exchange mechanism with the iDEC teams of Ocean University of China and
Zhengzhou University, and agreed to regularly hold online sharing
meetings, to continuously interact around such topics as \"project
progress synchronization\", \"contest defense skills\" and \"exchange of
human practice cases\", and to transform a single exchange into
long-term inter-school collaboration in the process of resource sharing
and thinking collision, so as to inject cross-school wisdom into the
promotion of their iDEC projects.

![picture_22](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/22.webp)

![picture_23](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/23.webp)

Picture: CCIC Invitation Letter to Lanzhou University

### 3.2.3 Participation in Synthetic Biology Competition

Our team (LZU-MEDICINE-CHINA) took part in the 4th Innovation Contest of
Synthetic Biology in 2025 under the project \"Guardian of Intestinal
Health: Engineering Probiotics Secreting Oleic Acid to Treat Intestinal
Microecology Disorder during the Perioperative Period\" in the
competition of Red Track (health and medical field). During the
competition, we systematically demonstrated the technical path of the
project: the efficient synthesis of oleic acid by probiotics was
reformed, and the precise regulation of intestinal flora during the
perioperative period was achieved by combining the pH response system
with the defensin secretion mechanism. During the competition, in reply
to the questions raised by the judges such as \"implementation logic of
key modules of the project\" and \"evaluation of engineering bacteria
dose\", we explained in detail in combination with the experimental data
and model analysis, demonstrating the dual values of the project in
terms of technical innovation and clinical practicability.

This competition was not only a comprehensive inspection of our iDEC
project, but also gained valuable suggestions on technical optimization
and achievement transformation during the communication with the
national synthetic biology innovation team, laying a solid foundation
for the breakthrough of the follow-up iDEC competition and the actual
application of the project.

![picture_24](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/24.webp)

# 4\. Resource Link and Cooperation of Out-of-School Organizations

## 4.1 Social Organizations: Community Science Linkage

We have established in-depth ties with the Gansu Health Management
Association, Professional Committee of Intestinal Microflora of Gansu
Provincial Society of Biotechnology, the Probiotics and Intestinal
Health Branch of Gansu Provincial Society of Nutrition, the Gansu
Intestinal Microecology Research Base and the Gansu Red Cross Community
Health Voluntary Service Team. With the support of Gansu Provincial
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, aiming at the theme of
\"intestinal flora health during perioperative period\", we went into
multiple communities to carry out a series of popular science
activities. For example, in combination with the interactive links such
as \"Exploratory Experiment of Intestinal Bacteria\" and \"DIY Model
Making of Probiotics\" designed by the project poster, the \"Function of
Intestinal Probiotics\" and \"The importance of flora balance during the
perioperative period\" were intuitively explained, with both high
activity participation and public praise, which effectively improved the
awareness of community residents on the application of synthetic biology
in the field of intestinal health.

![picture_25](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/25.webp)

![picture_26](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/26.webp)

## 4.2 Health Care Institutions: Optimization of Clinical Resources and Guidelines

We have established deep collaboration with multiple experts from the
First Hospital of Lanzhou University and the Second Hospital of Lanzhou
University, including the Departments of Gastrointestinal Surgery,
Gastroenterology, and Anesthesiology. Through interviews, discussions,
and clinical resource coordination, we gained insights into the factors
affecting perioperative patient outcomes, providing a real clinical
basis for our iDEC project, which was subsequently incorporated into our
project posters.

In addition, we received professional advice from the hospitals' Health
Management Centers regarding "postoperative microbiome imbalance and
immune recovery." These recommendations helped us more accurately
identify the intervention points for "perioperative gut health" in our
project. Furthermore, the hospital expert teams have invited us to
jointly carry out future educational activities on the theme of
"Synthetic Biology and Postoperative Health." The plan is to translate
the project poster content on "engineered bacteria design" and
"microbiome balance mechanisms" into patient-friendly science outreach
materials, contributing to innovative practices in clinical health
management.

![picture_27](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/27.webp)

![picture_28](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/28.webp)

## 4.3 Community: Residents\' Health Science Practice

We have established contacts with multiple communities, and with the
support of the Hongshan Wanhecheng Community, we conducted a popular
science campaign on the theme \"Intestinal flora and perioperative
health\" for community residents. Combined with the content of the
project poster, we explained how to maintain the balance of intestinal
flora and prevent perioperative intestinal dysfunction through
scientific diet (such as probiotic food intake) and regular rest. We
provided the residents involved with the Management Manual for
Perioperative Intestinal Health, in which the popular interpretations of
such knowledge as \"intestinal probiotic function\" and \"logic of
engineering bacteria action\" in the poster were incorporated. In
addition, we also designed interesting interactive links such as
\"intestinal bacteria classification game\" and \"designing nutritional
diet\". The atmosphere at the scene was warm, and residents expressed a
brand new scientific understanding on postoperative health management.

![picture_29](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/29.webp)

![picture_30](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/30.webp)

![picture_31](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/31.webp)

![picture_32](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/32.webp)

## 4.4 Enterprises: Technical Guidance and Achievements into Exploration

We have established deep cooperation with Jinghong Health Company.
Through communication and negotiations, the company provided valuable
advice on writing a business plan, supporting the development of our
iDEC project. At the same time, we worked closely with Jinghong
Health\'s product development team to explore the application potential
of synthetic biology in gut health functional food development, focusing
on the design logic of "engineered bacteria secreting oleic acid to
regulate the gut environment." The company has expressed its commitment
to providing raw material and technical support for the transformation
of our project results, and together, we aim to explore innovative
product paths in the field of perioperative gut health.

![picture_33](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/33.webp)

## 4.5 Government Agency (CDC): Epidemiological Data and Scenario Optimization

We reached out to the head of the Gansu Provincial Center for Disease
Control and Prevention. During our discussions, we introduced our
project on "intervention in perioperative gut microbiome imbalance." In
response, they shared valuable data and research findings on the current
state of gut health in perioperative patients in the region, as well as
epidemiological information on perioperative-related diseases. Based on
this information, we further optimized the design of the "application
scenarios for engineered bacteria" in our project, making it more
aligned with regional medical needs. They expressed interest in
collaborating with us on a joint study on the "application potential of
synthetic biology technologies in postoperative gut health management,"
aiming to provide new reference directions for public health
decision-making.

![picture_34](https://static.igem.wiki/teams/5562/collabroation/34.webp)

# 5.Conclusion

Through these collaborations, the LZU-MEDICINE-CHINA team has not only
advanced the scientific goals of our project but also made meaningful
contributions to both local and global communities. We believe that
collaboration is the key to unlocking the full potential of our work,
and only by working together can we create solutions with lasting
impact.

In the future, we will continue to deepen our cooperation with other
teams and organizations, contributing our efforts to the iDEC community.
We believe that through collective action, the power of science and
collaboration will bring about positive change.
